PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the information supplied by you when using the LinkedIn inMail Form


User Provided Information:

First name,Last name,Country,Job title,Company name


Automatically Collected Information 

None.


Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

No

We may disclose User Provided Information:

as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;



Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information

We don't retain any User data, all User data is kept in LinkedIn web services or platform.
If we exchanged emails, then email address will be stored in Google Gmail platform


Children

We do not use the Form to knowingly solicit data from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at marketing@liber4e.com


Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.


Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. 



Your Consent

By using the Form, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information. 



Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at marketing@liber4e.com.
